c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.pdb
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Ionic.Zip.Reduced.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\log4net.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Xact.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\MonoMod.Utils.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\MP3Sharp.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\ReLogic.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\Steamworks.NET.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\TerrariaHooks.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\tModLoader.exe
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\tModLoader.pdb
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\tModLoader.xml
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.xml
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\bin\Debug\net45\MonoMod.Utils.xml
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\obj\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\obj\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\obj\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\obj\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\obj\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\obj\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\obj\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.dll
c:\Users\Morgan\Documents\My Games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\DiabloMod\obj\Debug\net45\DiabloMod.pdb
